>> Kyle Simpson: Let's take a look
at coercion a bit more deeply with
this exercise.
We've learned now a bit
about how coercion works
with different operators, like the less
than operator and things like that.
So we wanna do some validation functions
to make sure that some inputs that
are coming, for example on a Web page
that are coming from DOM inputs,
we want to make sure that some inputs
that the user is giving to us are valid.
So we're going to define two
different validator functions.
The first one's called isValidName.
And it gives the requirements here,
needs to take a string that is
non-empty, must contain something
that's not white space,
and has to be at least three
characters long, okay?
So it has to return true if what
you pass in matches that, and
otherwise return false.
And again, the spirit of this exercise is,
use what we've learned now about
coercion to properly handles this.
So there's a variety of ways to do it,
but try to properly handle that check.
Then you're gonna do a slightly more
complex validator called hoursAttended.
It takes two inputs,
we'll call them attended and length.
It allows either one of these
to be a string or a number.
So we are gonna allow
a bit of coercion here.
We're not gonna say it has
to always be a number.
We'll allow both strings and
numbers, but nothing else.
So we need to check to make sure, or
assume that those are definitely
strings and numbers.
Whether they come in as numbers or not,
we're going to treat them as numbers.
So this is not a case we throw
an assertion if you pass it wrong.
We're just gonna say the contract here is,
you've gotta pass this as a string or
a number, and then treat it as a number.
Those numbers have to be 0 or
higher, so no negative numbers.
And also, they have to be whole numbers.
We don't wanna pass in
something like 3.14, okay?
And then, finally, attended has to
be less than or equal to length.
So those are your two validators
that you're gonna define,
trying to practice what we've learned so
far about coercion.
We'll take about ten minutes on this.
As you can see in the exercise file,
we have console.log statements which
are our test cases, essentially.
This is the poor man's approach
to testing, if you will.
So all these console log statements should
print true if your functions are correct.
Define those two functions.
Drop this code into your favorite
console or run it in Node,
and you should get it printing all trues.
We'll take about ten minutes for this
exercise, and then we'll come back and
talk about the solution.